[README] add deprecation notice (#67)
paritytech/primitives: README.md

> # Deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Ethereum primitives – Deprecated
```

> This repository was migrated to https://github.com/paritytech/parity-common/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has moved to https://github.com/paritytech/parity-common/.
```
